<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Main][1]
    -   [setBananodeApi][2]
        -   [Parameters][3]
    -   [setBananodeApiUrl][4]
        -   [Parameters][5]
-   [BananoUtil][6]
    -   [sendAmountToAccountWithRepresentativeAndPrevious][7]
        -   [Parameters][8]
    -   [sendAmountToAccount][9]
        -   [Parameters][10]
    -   [changeRepresentativeForSeed][11]
        -   [Parameters][12]
    -   [getAccountFromSeed][13]
        -   [Parameters][14]
    -   [openAccountFromSeed][15]
        -   [Parameters][16]
    -   [getBlockHash][17]
        -   [Parameters][18]
    -   [getSignature][19]
        -   [Parameters][20]
    -   [getBytesFromHex][21]
        -   [Parameters][22]
    -   [getWorkUsingCpu][23]
        -   [Parameters][24]
    -   [getRawStrFromBananoStr][25]
        -   [Parameters][26]
    -   [getRawStrFromBanoshiStr][27]
        -   [Parameters][28]
    -   [getBananoPartsFromRaw][29]
        -   [Parameters][30]
    -   [getAccountPublicKey][31]
        -   [Parameters][32]
    -   [getAccountSuffix][33]
        -   [Parameters][34]
    -   [getAccount][35]
        -   [Parameters][36]
    -   [isWorkValid][37]
        -   [Parameters][38]
    -   [getZeroedWorkBytes][39]
    -   [getPublicKey][40]
        -   [Parameters][41]
    -   [isSeedValid][42]
        -   [Parameters][43]
    -   [getPrivateKey][44]
        -   [Parameters][45]
    -   [getAccountValidationInfo][46]
        -   [Parameters][47]
-   [DepositUtil][48]
    -   [receiveDepositsForSeed][49]
        -   [Parameters][50]
-   [BananodeApi][51]
    -   [getAccountBalanceRaw][52]
        -   [Parameters][53]
    -   [getAccountHistory][54]
        -   [Parameters][55]
    -   [getAccountInfo][56]
        -   [Parameters][57]
    -   [getBlockCount][58]
    -   [getAccountsPending][59]
        -   [Parameters][60]
-   [sendWithdrawalFromSeed][61]
    -   [Parameters][62]
-   [camoReceive][63]
    -   [Parameters][64]
-   [camoGetNextPrivateKeyForReceive][65]
    -   [Parameters][66]
-   [camoSend][67]
    -   [Parameters][68]
-   [camoSendWithdrawalFromSeed][69]
    -   [Parameters][70]
-   [receiveCamoDepositsForSeed][71]
    -   [Parameters][72]
-   [getCamoAccountBalanceRaw][73]
    -   [Parameters][74]
-   [getCamoPublicKey][75]
    -   [Parameters][76]
-   [getSharedSecret][77]
    -   [Parameters][78]
-   [getCamoAccount][79]
    -   [Parameters][80]
-   [camoGetAccountsPending][81]
    -   [Parameters][82]
-   [getCamoAccountValidationInfo][83]
    -   [Parameters][84]
-   [getCamoSharedAccountData][85]
    -   [Parameters][86]
-   [BananoParts][87]
    -   [Properties][88]
-   [AccountValidationInfo][89]
    -   [Properties][90]
-   [isCamoAccountValid][91]
    -   [Parameters][92]

## Main

### setBananodeApi

Sets the Bananode Api (useful for overriding some methods)

#### Parameters

-   `_bananodeApi` **[string][93]** the new bananodeApi

Returns **[undefined][94]** returns nothing.

### setBananodeApiUrl

Sets the URL to use for the node behind the Bananode Api

#### Parameters

-   `url` **[string][93]** the new url

Returns **[undefined][94]** returns nothing.

## BananoUtil

### sendAmountToAccountWithRepresentativeAndPrevious

Sends the amount to the account with an optional representative and
previous block hash.
If the representative is not sent, it will be pulled from the api.
If the previous is not sent, it will be pulled from the api.
Be very careful with previous, as setting it incorrectly
can cause an incorrect amount of funds to be sent.

#### Parameters

-   `seed` **[string][93]** the seed to use to find the account.
-   `seedIx` **[string][93]** the index to use with the seed.
-   `destAccount` **[string][93]** the destination account.
-   `amountRaw` **[string][93]** the amount to send, in raw.
-   `representative` **[string][93]** the representative (optional).
-   `previousHash` **[string][93]** the previous hash (optional).

Returns **[string][93]** returns the hash returned by the send.

### sendAmountToAccount

Sends the amount to the account with a callback for success and failure.

#### Parameters

-   `seed` **[string][93]** the seed to use to find the account.
-   `seedIx` **[string][93]** the index to use with the seed.
-   `destAccount` **[string][93]** the destination account.
-   `amountRaw` **[string][93]** the amount to send, in raw.
-   `successCallback` **[string][93]** the callback to call upon success.
-   `failureCallback` **[string][93]** the callback to call upon failure.

Returns **[string][93]** returns the hash returned by the send.

### changeRepresentativeForSeed

Sets the rep for an account with a given seed.

#### Parameters

-   `seed` **[string][93]** the seed to use to find the account.
-   `seedIx` **[string][93]** the index to use with the seed.
-   `representative` **[string][93]** the representative.

Returns **[string][93]** returns the hash returned by the change.

### getAccountFromSeed

Get the account with a given seed and index.

#### Parameters

-   `seed` **[string][93]** the seed to use to find the account.
-   `seedIx` **[string][93]** the index to use with the seed.

Returns **[string][93]** the account.

### openAccountFromSeed

Open an account with a given seed.

#### Parameters

-   `seed` **[string][93]** the seed to use to find the account.
-   `seedIx` **[string][93]** the index to use with the seed.
-   `representative` **[string][93]** the representative.
-   `pendingBlockHash` **[string][93]** the pending block hash.
-   `pendingValueRaw` **[string][93]** the pending block hash.

Returns **[string][93]** returns the hash returned by the open.

### getBlockHash

Get the hash for a given block.

#### Parameters

-   `block` **[string][93]** the seed to use to find the account.

Returns **[string][93]** the block's hash.

### getSignature

Get the signature for a given block (gets the hash of the block, and signs the hash).

#### Parameters

-   `privateKey` **[string][93]** the private key used to sign the block.
-   `block` **[string][93]** the block to sign.

Returns **[string][93]** the block's signature.

### getBytesFromHex

Converts a hex string to bytes in a Uint8Array.

#### Parameters

-   `hex` **[string][93]** the hex string to use.

Returns **[Uint8Array][95]** the bytes in a Uint8Array.

### getWorkUsingCpu

gets work bytes using the CPU.

#### Parameters

-   `hash` **[string][93]** the hash to use to calculate work bytes.
-   `workBytes` **[Uint8Array][95]** the Uint8Array(8) used to store temporary calculations.

Returns **[string][93]** the work bytes as a hex string.

### getRawStrFromBananoStr

Converts a banano amount into a raw amount.

#### Parameters

-   `bananoStr` **[string][93]** the banano, as a string.

Returns **[string][93]** the banano as a raw value.

### getRawStrFromBanoshiStr

Converts a banoshi amount into a raw amount.

#### Parameters

-   `banoshiStr` **[string][93]** the banoshi, as a string.

Returns **[string][93]** the banano as a raw value.

### getBananoPartsFromRaw

Get the banano parts (banano, banoshi, raw) for a given raw value.

#### Parameters

-   `bananoRawStr` **[string][93]** the raw banano, as a string.

Returns **[BananoParts][96]** the banano parts.

### getAccountPublicKey

Get the public key for a given account.

#### Parameters

-   `account` **[string][93]** the account.

Returns **[string][93]** the public key.

### getAccountSuffix

Get the account suffix for a given public key (everything but ban_ or camo_).

#### Parameters

-   `publicKey` **[string][93]** the public key.

Returns **[string][93]** the account suffix.

### getAccount

Get the account for a given public key.

#### Parameters

-   `publicKey` **[string][93]** the public key.

Returns **[string][93]** the account.

### isWorkValid

returns true if the work (in bytes) for the hash (in bytes) is valid.

#### Parameters

-   `hashBytes` **[string][93]** the hash bytes to check.
-   `workBytes` **[string][93]** the work bytes to check.

Returns **[boolean][97]** true if the work is valid for the hash.

### getZeroedWorkBytes

creates a new Uint8Array(8) to calculate work bytes.

Returns **[Uint8Array][95]** the bytes in a Uint8Array.

### getPublicKey

Get the public key for a given private key.

#### Parameters

-   `privateKey` **[string][93]** the private key.

Returns **[string][93]** the public key.

### isSeedValid

validates a seed.

#### Parameters

-   `seed` **[string][93]** the seed to use to validate.
-   `seedIx` **[string][93]** the index to use with the seed.

Returns **[object][98]** {valid:[true/false] message:[if false, why]}.

### getPrivateKey

Get the private key for a given seed.

#### Parameters

-   `seed` **[string][93]** the seed to use to find the account.
-   `seedIx` **[string][93]** the index to use with the seed.

Returns **[string][93]** the private key.

### getAccountValidationInfo

Returns an object saying if the account is valid or not.

If the account is not valid, the message describes why it is not valid.

#### Parameters

-   `account` **[string][93]** the account.

Returns **[AccountValidationInfo][99]** an object saying if the account is valid, and why.

## DepositUtil

### receiveDepositsForSeed

Recieve deposits for an account with a given seed.

#### Parameters

-   `seed` **[string][93]** the seed to use to find the account.
-   `seedIx` **[string][93]** the index to use with the seed.
-   `representative` **[string][93]** the representative.
-   `specificPendingBlockHash` **[string][93]** a specific block hash to receive (optional).

Returns **[object][98]** returns the response returned by the receive.

## BananodeApi

### getAccountBalanceRaw

Get the balance, in raw, for an account.

(use other methods like getBananoPartsFromRaw to convert to banano or banoshi)

Calls [https://docs.nano.org/commands/rpc-protocol/#accounts_balances][100]

#### Parameters

-   `account` **[string][93]** the account to use.

Returns **[string][93]** the account's balance, in raw.

### getAccountHistory

Get the history for an account.

Calls [https://docs.nano.org/commands/rpc-protocol/#account_history][101]

#### Parameters

-   `account` **[string][93]** the account to use.
-   `count` **[string][93]** the count to use (use -1 for all).
-   `head` **[string][93]** the head to start at (optional).
-   `raw` **[string][93]** if true, return raw history (optional).

Returns **[object][98]** the account's history.

### getAccountInfo

Get the account info for an account.

Calls [https://docs.nano.org/commands/rpc-protocol/#account_info][102]

#### Parameters

-   `account` **[string][93]** the account to use.
-   `representativeFlag` **[boolean][97]** the representativeFlag to use (optional).

Returns **[object][98]** the account's info.

### getBlockCount

Get the network block count.

Calls [https://docs.nano.org/commands/rpc-protocol/#block_count][103]

Returns **[object][98]** the block count.

### getAccountsPending

Get the network block count.

Calls [https://docs.nano.org/commands/rpc-protocol/#accounts_pending][104]

#### Parameters

-   `accounts` **string_array** the array of pending accounts.
-   `count` **[number][105]** the max count to get.
-   `source` **[string][93]** if true, get source.

Returns **[object][98]** the account's pending blocks.

## sendWithdrawalFromSeed

Send a withdrawal from an account with a given seed.

### Parameters

-   `seed` **[string][93]** the seed to use to find the account.
-   `seedIx` **[string][93]** the index to use with the seed.
-   `toAccount` **[string][93]** the account to send to.
-   `amountBananos` **[string][93]** the amount of bananos.

Returns **[object][98]** returns the response returned by the withdraw.

## camoReceive

receives funds at a camo address.

### Parameters

-   `toPrivateKey` **[string][93]** the private key that receives the funds.
-   `fromPublicKey` **[string][93]** the public key that sent the funds.

Returns **string_array** the received hashes in an array.

## camoGetNextPrivateKeyForReceive

finds a new private key to recieve more funds. the key would have no history.

### Parameters

-   `seed` **[string][93]** the seed to use to find the account.

Returns **[string][93]** the private key to use.

## camoSend

sends funds to a camo address.

### Parameters

-   `fundingPrivateKey` **[string][93]** the private key that sends the funds.
-   `fromCamoPrivateKey` **[string][93]** the private key used to generate the shared seed.
-   `toCamoPublicKey` **[string][93]** the public key that receives the funds.
-   `amountBananos` **[string][93]** the amount of bananos.

Returns **string_array** the sent hashes in an array.

## camoSendWithdrawalFromSeed

sends funds to a camo account.
This function uses seed index 0 to generate the shared secret,
and seed index "seedIx" to get the private key that contains funds to send.

### Parameters

-   `seed` **[string][93]** the seed to use to find the account.
-   `seedIx` **[string][93]** the index to use with the seed.
-   `toAccount` **[string][93]** the account to send to.
-   `amountBananos` **[string][93]** the amount of bananos.

Returns **string_array** the sent hashes in an array.

## receiveCamoDepositsForSeed

Recieve deposits for a camo account with a given seed.

### Parameters

-   `seed` **[string][93]** the seed to use to find the account.
-   `seedIx` **[string][93]** the index to use with the seed.
-   `account` **[string][93]** the camo account to send or recieve from.
-   `sharedSeedIx` **[string][93]** the index to use with the shared seed.
-   `specificPendingBlockHash`  
-   `pendingBlockHash` **[string][93]** the pending block to recieve.

Returns **[string][93]** the response from receiving the block.

## getCamoAccountBalanceRaw

gets the total account balance, in raw.

### Parameters

-   `toPrivateKey` **[string][93]** the private key that receives the funds.
-   `fromPublicKey` **[string][93]** the public key that sent the funds.

Returns **[string][93]** the account balance, in raw.

## getCamoPublicKey

Gets the camo public key from a private key.

a normal banano public key is used in ECDSA.

a camo public key is used in ECDH.

this is why the derivation is different for the two keys.

### Parameters

-   `privateKey` **[string][93]** the private key.

Returns **[string][93]** the camo public key.

## getSharedSecret

Gets the shared secret from a camo public key and a private key.

### Parameters

-   `privateKey` **[string][93]** the private key.
-   `publicKey` **[string][93]** the public key.

Returns **[string][93]** the shared secret.

## getCamoAccount

Get the camo account for a given camo public key.

### Parameters

-   `camoPublicKey`  
-   `publicKey` **[string][93]** the camo public key.

Returns **[string][93]** the camo account.

## camoGetAccountsPending

get the pending blocks for the camo account.

### Parameters

-   `seed` **[string][93]** the seed to use to find the account.
-   `seedIx` **[string][93]** the index to use with the seed.
-   `fromAccount` **[string][93]** the account to recieve from.
-   `sharedSeedIx`  
-   `count` **[number][105]** the max count to get.

Returns **string_array** the pending hashes in an array.

## getCamoAccountValidationInfo

returns data on whether a camo account is valid or not, and why.

### Parameters

-   `account` **[string][93]** the account to check.

Returns **[object][98]** the account validity data.

## getCamoSharedAccountData

get the shared account, used as an intermediary to send finds between the seed and the camo account.

### Parameters

-   `seed` **[string][93]** the seed to use to find the account.
-   `seedIx` **[string][93]** the index to use with the seed.
-   `account` **[string][93]** the camo account to send or recieve from.
-   `sharedSeedIx` **[string][93]** the index to use with the shared seed.

Returns **[string][93]** the shared account.

## BananoParts

Type: [Object][98]

### Properties

-   `banano` **[string][93]** The amount of banano.
-   `banoshi` **[string][93]** The amount of banoshi (not counting whole banano).
-   `raw` **[string][93]** The amount of raw (not counting whole banano and whole banoshi).

## AccountValidationInfo

Type: [Object][98]

### Properties

-   `message` **[string][93]** The message describing why the account is valid or not.
-   `valid` **[boolean][97]** True if account is valid.

## isCamoAccountValid

### Parameters

-   `camoAccount`  
-   `publicKey` **[string][93]** the camo public key.

Returns **[boolean][97]** true if the camo account is valid.

[1]: #main

[2]: #setbananodeapi

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #setbananodeapiurl

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #bananoutil

[7]: #sendamounttoaccountwithrepresentativeandprevious

[8]: #parameters-2

[9]: #sendamounttoaccount

[10]: #parameters-3

[11]: #changerepresentativeforseed

[12]: #parameters-4

[13]: #getaccountfromseed

[14]: #parameters-5

[15]: #openaccountfromseed

[16]: #parameters-6

[17]: #getblockhash

[18]: #parameters-7

[19]: #getsignature

[20]: #parameters-8

[21]: #getbytesfromhex

[22]: #parameters-9

[23]: #getworkusingcpu

[24]: #parameters-10

[25]: #getrawstrfrombananostr

[26]: #parameters-11

[27]: #getrawstrfrombanoshistr

[28]: #parameters-12

[29]: #getbananopartsfromraw

[30]: #parameters-13

[31]: #getaccountpublickey

[32]: #parameters-14

[33]: #getaccountsuffix

[34]: #parameters-15

[35]: #getaccount

[36]: #parameters-16

[37]: #isworkvalid

[38]: #parameters-17

[39]: #getzeroedworkbytes

[40]: #getpublickey

[41]: #parameters-18

[42]: #isseedvalid

[43]: #parameters-19

[44]: #getprivatekey

[45]: #parameters-20

[46]: #getaccountvalidationinfo

[47]: #parameters-21

[48]: #depositutil

[49]: #receivedepositsforseed

[50]: #parameters-22

[51]: #bananodeapi

[52]: #getaccountbalanceraw

[53]: #parameters-23

[54]: #getaccounthistory

[55]: #parameters-24

[56]: #getaccountinfo

[57]: #parameters-25

[58]: #getblockcount

[59]: #getaccountspending

[60]: #parameters-26

[61]: #sendwithdrawalfromseed

[62]: #parameters-27

[63]: #camoreceive

[64]: #parameters-28

[65]: #camogetnextprivatekeyforreceive

[66]: #parameters-29

[67]: #camosend

[68]: #parameters-30

[69]: #camosendwithdrawalfromseed

[70]: #parameters-31

[71]: #receivecamodepositsforseed

[72]: #parameters-32

[73]: #getcamoaccountbalanceraw

[74]: #parameters-33

[75]: #getcamopublickey

[76]: #parameters-34

[77]: #getsharedsecret

[78]: #parameters-35

[79]: #getcamoaccount

[80]: #parameters-36

[81]: #camogetaccountspending

[82]: #parameters-37

[83]: #getcamoaccountvalidationinfo

[84]: #parameters-38

[85]: #getcamosharedaccountdata

[86]: #parameters-39

[87]: #bananoparts

[88]: #properties

[89]: #accountvalidationinfo

[90]: #properties-1

[91]: #iscamoaccountvalid

[92]: #parameters-40

[93]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[94]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined

[95]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint8Array

[96]: #bananoparts

[97]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[98]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[99]: #accountvalidationinfo

[100]: https://docs.nano.org/commands/rpc-protocol/#accounts_balances

[101]: https://docs.nano.org/commands/rpc-protocol/#account_history

[102]: https://docs.nano.org/commands/rpc-protocol/#account_info

[103]: https://docs.nano.org/commands/rpc-protocol/#block_count

[104]: https://docs.nano.org/commands/rpc-protocol/#accounts_pending

[105]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
